 隐私政策（启用于2022年8月4日 时区：UTC+08.00）

      若天（下文称：本网站）尊重并保护所有使用服务用户的个人隐私权。为了给您提供更准确、更有个性化的服务，本网站会按照本隐私权政策的规定使用和披露您的个人信息。但本网站将以高度的勤勉、审慎义务对待这些信息。除本隐私权政策另有规定外，在未征得您事先许可的情况下，本网站不会将这些信息对外披露或向第三方提供。本网站会不时更新本隐私权政策。 您在同意本网站服务使用协议之时，即视为您已经同意本隐私权政策全部内容。本隐私权政策属于本网站服务使用协议不可分割的一部分。本站源代码来自Github开源项目。©2022 ruotian. All rights reserved.  
若天搜索的诞生离不开5iux及更多的开源软件

目录：
       1. 适用范围
       2. 信息使用
       3. 信息披露
       4. 信息存储和交换
       5. Cookie的使用
       6. 信息安全
       7.api使用
       8.本隐私政策的更改


1. 适用范围

(a) 在您使用本网站网络服务，或访问本网站平台网页时，本网站自动接收并记录的您的浏览器和计算机上的信息，包括但不限于您的IP地址、浏览器的类型、使用的语言、访问日期和时间、软硬件特征信息及您需求的网页记录等数据；

您了解并同意，以下信息不适用本隐私权政策：

(a) 本网站收集到的您在本网站发布的有关信息数据，包括但不限于参与活动、成交信息及评价详情；

(b) 违反法律规定或违反本网站规则行为及本网站已对您采取的措施。
  
2. 信息使用

(a)本网站不会向任何无关第三方提供、出售、出租、分享或交易您的个人信息，除非事先得到您的许可，或该第三方和本网站（含本网站关联集团）单独或共同为您提供服务，且在该服务结束后，其将被禁止访问包括其以前能够访问的所有这些资料。

(b) 本网站亦不允许任何第三方以任何手段收集、编辑、出售或者无偿传播您的个人信息。任何本网站平台用户如从事上述活动，一经发现，本网站有权立即终止与该用户的服务协议。

(c)我们需要您的IP地址为和风天气定位，为您提供您本地的天气情况。如果您不同意，请立刻退出。

3. 信息披露

在如下情况下，本网站将依据您的个人意愿或法律的规定全部或部分的披露您的个人信息：

(a) 经您事先同意，向第三方披露；

(b)为提供您所要求的产品和服务，而必须和第三方分享您的个人信息；

(c) 根据法律的有关规定，或者行政或司法机构的要求，向第三方或者行政、司法机构披露；

(d) 如您出现违反中国有关法律、法规或者本网站服务协议或相关规则的情况，需要向第三方披露；

(e) 如您是适格的知识产权投诉人并已提起投诉，应被投诉人要求，向被投诉人披露，以便双方处理可能的权利纠纷；

(f) 在本网站平台上创建的某一交易中，如交易任何一方履行或部分履行了交易义务并提出信息披露请求的，本网站有权决定向该用户提供其交易对方的联络方式等必要信息，以促成交易的完成或纠纷的解决。

(g) 其它本网站根据法律、法规或者网站政策认为合适的披露。

4. 信息存储和交换

本网站收集的有关您的信息和资料将保存在本网站及（或）其关联集团的服务器上，这些信息和资料可能传送至您所在国家、地区或本网站收集信息和资料所在地的境外并在境外被访问、存储和展示。

5. Cookie的使用

(a) 在您未拒绝接受cookies的情况下，本网站会在您的计算机上设定或取用cookies ，以便您能登录或使用依赖于cookies的本网站平台服务或功能。本网站使用cookies可为您提供更加周到的个性化服务，包括推广服务。

(b) 您有权选择接受或拒绝接受cookies。您可以通过修改浏览器设置的方式拒绝接受cookies。但如果您选择拒绝接受cookies，则您可能无法登录或使用依赖于cookies的本网站网络服务或功能。

(c) 通过本网站所设cookies所取得的有关信息，将适用本政策。

6. 信息安全

(a) 本网站帐号均有安全保护功能，请妥善保管您的用户名及密码信息。本网站将通过对用户密码进行加密等安全措施确保您的信息不丢失，不被滥用和变造。尽管有前述安全措施，但同时也请您注意在信息网络上不存在“完善的安全措施”。

(b) 在使用本网站网络服务进行网上交易时，您不可避免的要向交易对方或潜在的交易对方发送个人信息，我们会尽可能保护您的权利不被侵犯。

7.api使用
百度搜索引擎
api：https://www.baidu.com/s?wd=

谷歌搜索引擎
api：https://www.google.com.hk/search?hl=zh-CN&q=

Github搜索引擎
api：https://github.com/search?q=

NAVER搜索引擎
api：https://search.naver.com/search.naver?where=nexearch&sm=top_hty&fbm=0&ie=utf8&query=

必应搜索引擎
api：https://cn.bing.com/search?q=

和风天气
https://www.qweather.com/                         

8.本隐私政策的更改

(a)如果决定更改隐私政策，我们会在本政策中、本集团网站中以及我们认为适当的位置发布这些更改，以便您了解我们如何收集、使用您的个人信息，哪些人可以访问这些信息，以及在什么情况下我们会透露这些信息。

(b)本集团保留随时修改本政策的权利，因此请经常查看。如对本政策作出重大更改，本集团会通过网站通知的形式告知。

请您妥善保护自己的个人信息，仅在必要的情形下向他人提供。如您发现自己的个人信息泄密，尤其是本网站用户名及密码发生泄露，请您立即联络本网站客服，以便本网站采取相应措施。

联系我们：ruotian_cs@ruotian.top 


Privacy Policy (Enabled on August 4, 2022 Time Zone: UTC+08.00)
Ruotian (hereinafter referred to as "this website") respects and protects the personal privacy of all users of the service. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, this website will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy. However, this website will treat such information with a high degree of diligence and prudence. Unless otherwise specified in this privacy policy, this website will not disclose such information to the public or provide it to a third party without your prior permission. This website will update this privacy policy from time to time. When you agree to the service use agreement of this website, you will be deemed to have agreed to all the contents of this privacy policy. This privacy policy is an integral part of this website service use agreement. The source code of this site is from Github open source project. © 2022 ruotian.  All rights reserved.  
The birth of Ruotian Search is inseparable from 5iux and more open source software
catalog:
1. Scope of application
2. Use of information
3. Information disclosure
4. Information storage and exchange
5. Cookie usage
6. Information Security
7. Use of api
8. Changes to this Privacy Policy
1. Scope of application
(a) When you use the network service of this website or visit the platform webpage of this website, this website automatically receives and records the information on your browser and computer, including but not limited to your IP address, browser type, language used, access date and time, software and hardware feature information and the webpage record you need;
You understand and agree that the following information is not applicable to this privacy policy:
(a) Relevant information and data collected by this website that you publish on this website, including but not limited to participation activities, transaction information and evaluation details;
(b) Violation of laws and regulations or rules of this website and the measures taken by this website against you.
2. Use of information
(a) This website will not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party, unless you have obtained your permission in advance, or the third party and this website (including the website's affiliated groups) provide services for you individually or jointly, and after the service ends, they will be prohibited from accessing all these materials, including those they can access before.
(b) This website also does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell or distribute your personal information for free by any means. If any user of this website platform engages in the above activities, once found, this website has the right to immediately terminate the service agreement with the user.
(c) We need your IP address to be Hefeng weather location to provide you with your local weather conditions. If you do not agree, please exit immediately.
3. Information disclosure
Under the following circumstances, this website will disclose all or part of your personal information according to your personal will or legal provisions:
(a) Disclosure to a third party with your prior consent;
(b) To provide the products and services you require, you must share your personal information with a third party;
(c) Disclose to a third party or administrative or judicial authorities according to relevant provisions of laws or requirements of administrative or judicial authorities;
(d) If you violate the relevant laws and regulations of China or the service agreement or relevant rules of this website, you need to disclose to a third party;
(e) If you are a qualified intellectual property complainant and have filed a complaint, you should disclose it to the respondent at the request of the respondent so that both parties can handle possible rights disputes;
(f) In a transaction created on the platform of this website, if any party to the transaction performs or partially performs the transaction obligations and requests information disclosure, this website has the right to decide to provide the user with the necessary information such as the contact information of the counterparty to facilitate the completion of the transaction or the settlement of disputes.
(g) Other disclosures that this website deems appropriate according to laws, regulations or website policies.
4. Information storage and exchange
The information and materials about you collected by this website will be saved on the servers of this website and/or its affiliated groups, and these information and materials may be transmitted to your country, region or abroad where the information and materials collected by this website are located, and accessed, stored and displayed overseas.
5. Cookie usage
(a) If you do not refuse to accept cookies, this website will set or access cookies on your computer so that you can log in or use the website platform services or functions that depend on cookies. Cookies on this website can provide you with more considerate personalized services, including promotion services.
(b) You have the right to accept or reject cookies. You can refuse to accept cookies by modifying your browser settings. However, if you choose to refuse to accept cookies, you may not be able to log in or use the web services or functions of this website that depend on cookies.
(c) This policy will apply to the information obtained through the cookies set up on this website.
6. Information Security
(a) The account of this website has security protection function. Please keep your user name and password information properly. This website will ensure that your information will not be lost, abused or altered through encryption of user passwords and other security measures. Despite the aforementioned security measures, please note that there are no "perfect security measures" on the information network.
(b) When using this website's network services to conduct online transactions, you will inevitably send personal information to the counterparty or potential counterparty, and we will try our best to protect your rights from infringement.
7. Use of api
Baidu search engine
api： https://www.baidu.com/s?wd=
Google search engine
api： https://www.google.com.hk/search?hl=zh -CN&q=
Github search engine
api： https://github.com/search?q=
NAVER search engine
api： https://search.naver.com/search.naver?where=nexearch&sm=top_hty&fbm=0&ie=utf8&query=
Bing Search Engine
api： https://cn.bing.com/search?q=
Breezy weather
https://www.qweather.com/                          
8. Changes to this Privacy Policy
(a) If we decide to change the privacy policy, we will publish these changes in this policy, on the Group's website and where we think appropriate, so that you can understand how we collect and use your personal information, who can access it, and under what circumstances we will disclose it.
(b) The Group reserves the right to modify this policy at any time, so please check it frequently. In case of any significant change to this policy, the Group will notify it through website notification.
Please protect your personal information properly and provide it to others only when necessary. If you find that your personal information is leaked, especially the user name and password of this website are leaked, please contact our customer service immediately so that this website can take corresponding measures.
contact us: ruotian_cs@ruotian.top 

       Ruotian Group 若天搜索 